ALEXA SKILLS PRIVACY POLICY
Key details:
This privacy policy describes how LGH protects and makes use of the information you give the company when you use Alexa voice skills.  To use the skill, it requires that you speak to Alexa, and responses will be received aloud. Therefore any communication to Alexa will be treated by LGH as a communication authorised by you, and any communication via the Alexa skill in response to a request received from Alexa will be treated by LGH as a communication to you.You are responsible for all of the interactions with the Alexa voice skill. For this reason it is imperative that you consult the agreements that you have in place with Amazon to ensure that you are using Alexa safely and correctly.

Security:
Once you set up your Alexa voice skill, you are authorising Alexa to provide information to the skill. This means that you are responsible for how the Alexa voice skill is used, including any communication to or from the skill itself.

To prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information, we relay on Alexa's (Amazon's) physical and electronic security safeguards.

Data:
LGH does not collect or share personal information.

Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed under our data protection policy, in line with the Data Protection Act 1988.

Cookies and Alexa:
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow skills, applications and websites to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you.

Alexa may use cookies during the processing of voice requests. Amazon's privacy policy may be found here: -
http://www.alexa.com/help/privacy

Changes or amendments:
We may change, suspend, or discontinue the skill, or any part of it, at any time without notice. This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version is published at:

If you have any questions about this policy, please email help@lgh.org

This website privacy policy was updated on: 12/6/2017
